Add test/demo note to quickstart subpages (#3910)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/quick-start-guide/deployment/digital-ocean-qs/_index.md

---
The following steps will quickly deploy a Rancher server on DigitalOcean in a single-node K3s Kubernetes cluster, with a single-node downstream Kubernetes cluster attached.

> >**Note:** The intent of these guides is to quickly launch a sandbox that you can use to evaluate Rancher. These guides are not intended for production environments. For comprehensive setup instructions, see [Installation]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.0-v2.4/en/installation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The intent of these guides is to quickly launch a sandbox that you can use to evaluate Rancher. These guides are not intended for production environments. For comprehensive setup instructions, see [Installation]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/).
```
